Update RSpec guide (#860)
github/view_component: docs/guide/testing.md

```ruby
require "view_component/test_helpers"
require "capybara/rspec"

RSpec.configure do |config|
  config.include ViewComponent::TestHelpers, type: :component
  config.include Capybara::RSpecMatchers, type: :component
end
```

Specs created by the generator have access to test helpers like `render_inline`. For example:

```ruby
require "rails_helper"

RSpec.describe ExampleComponent, type: :component do

>   subject { rendered_component }
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

  it "renders component" do
    render_inline(described_class.new(title: "my title")) { "Hello, World!" }

>     is_expected.to have_css "span[title='my title']", text: "Hello, World!"
>     # or, to just assert against the text
>     is_expected.to have_text "Hello, World!"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    expect(rendered_component).to have_css "span[title='my title']", text: "Hello, World!"
    # or, to just assert against the text
    expect(rendered_component).to have_text "Hello, World!"
```

I think it may be valuable to avoid using `subject` and `is_expected` here, so the test can be a bit more explicit about what we're asserting against.
